Answer No. 1  
    Git is a revision control system, a tool to manage your     source code histrory
     while GitHub is a hosting service for Git repositories

Answer No.2
    Some of the benefit of benefits of using version control     system are:
    1. It helps to manage codes for multiple projects 
    2. It helps to streamlining the developement process
    3. Version control system helps to control and saves all        changes    in a repository
    4. Using Version control system helps developers work      together on    code and separate thier task through branches
    5. It can also reduce errors and unintended consequences to a      great extent

Answer No.3

    High level Language

Answer 4

    Gitlab
    BitBucket
    SourceForge

Answer 5
     Remote Command in Git A git remote command is used to make      the remote connections such as connecting a Git local      repository with GitHub remote repository.

Answer 6
    1. create a new repository in the github
    2. Select a drive in gitbash
    3. Create a folder using 'mkdir'
    4. Creat a file using 'touch'
    5. Use 'Echo to write on the file
    6. use 'git Init' to read changes made to project folder
    7. Use 'Status' to check the file that has been edited
    8. Use Add. to add all
    9. git commit -m "first commit" 
   10. git remote add origin https://github.com/awurujames/James-     Awuru-Project.git
   11. git push -u origin master to lunch to the online site

     Git repository is used to save chages in the project. It can      be created locally or remotely.

Answer 7
   push command
   git cmmit

Answer 8
     Git is a distributed version-control system for tracking      changes in source code during software development. It is      designed  for coodinting work among programmers and also to      track changes in any set of files.

Answer 9
    Git directory is used to to creat folders, file etc in Git

Answer 10
    Since directory is the folder and/or file, when deleted, one     would lose of the projects history. It will no longer be     under version control.

     

    

    



   